Once upon a time there lived a T-Rex named Gwar. He loved blues guitar, but his arms were too short for him to play a guitar of his own. This made him sad, and he pondered what he could do. When all of a sudden, Fred Flinston showed up! Mr. T-Rex offered him the guitar, but Mr. Flinston only played top 10 songs. So, Mr. T-Rex ate Mr. Flinston and his search went on. And then it rained, and everyone got very wet right before the Itsy Bitsy Spider reemerged. The Itsy Bitsy Spider was afraid of dinosaurs, so the T-Rex absolutely terrified her. So she screamed, “AHHHHH!” Immediate darkness. The slide down the slimy path was terrifying. Once she landed in the stomach she clung to the corrugated inside wall to avoid being crushed. But, she was crushed and the incredible hulk saved her by scooping her up and carrying her off to Burkina Faso. Fortunately, she was fluent in the language of Burkina Faso, so she was able to communicate with the locals. One showed her a presentation by his tap-dancing cat.

There once was a tap dancing dolphin. He tapped all day. Other sea creatures watched his show. There was a place called basketball land. Every shot you made went in. There were games and you could win money. You win a million dollars. I almost won a million dollars. It was awesome. The tap dancing cat was in love with Mr. T-Rex and she wanted nothing more than to be a star in his tiny but beautiful eyes. She devised a plan to call every single theater she could find and perform her heart out and be seen. The cat was joined by a lion. The lion would yawn and show her teeth, then ROAR. After the ROAR she would sing. Dr. Fiedler bored her class to death so all her students joined Gallardo’s class and built a rocket. When the students built the rocket, they blasted off to Mars. There they met the Doctor and traveled through time and space.

Naturally this “roar” was indeed a top 10 song being Katy Perry’s “ROAR.” This was put on a loop for nearly 45 minutes until the Earth began to shake out of pure frustration. This was the biggest Earthquake known to the Animal Kingdom since Frank and Mammoth dropped his bowling ball collection. Walking around, they found nothing but the land around them. “What do you think we should do?” asked Nick. “I don’t know, let’s just wait it out,” replied Jeffery. Suddenly a lion leaped out of the bushes and bit off Nick’s arm and tree branch grew in the spot where his arm used to be. The branches started blooming Jasmine and chocolate drops. Nick screamed “OUCH!” then opened up his first aid kit and smiled. Nick screamed as blood rushed from him and his arm was 10 feet away. He screamed, stating “Ah! It’s me all over!” Tiffany laughed and stated “I was right, we do need to stay!”

Then Rani and Nat came to the rescue, blasting “I Wish” by Stevie Wonder and bumping to the beat of the music. All of a sudden Nat pulled out her maple want and conjured up a battle of skelegro, saving Nick from his broken arm. And the T-Rex came back to attack them! Nick, with his newly fixed arm, used an extraordinarily large stick to fend off the dinosaur. But, no matter what he did, ultimately it was the two girls that ended up scaring the beast away. All of a sudden, the T-Rex wake up and realizes this was all just a nightmare because he was nervous for his upcoming concert. It was about 8am and he decided to start practicing non-stop. He knew he would one day be an amazingly well known rock star. Years later, music historians would cite this, the nightmare that led to the creation of arguably the greatest blues song ever made. Down on his luck, no arms and awakening from a nightmare, the T-Rex would be known across the world. The band T-Rex Dinosaur Jr. would pale in comparison. But among the puny humans, the T-Rex would find disciples. Young musicians without scales, who none the less practiced their scales incessantly to attempt to match the T-Rex’s musical prowess. One of these, a small Asian boy living on the streets of Kansas City. And then she found a guitar!

The small Asian boy idolized the T-Rex, later known as T-Rizzle. Hundreds of images of his musical role model littered his bedroom. He sits on his bed practicing his guitar skills when his mother knocks on the door, “Kenny? Come down for breakfast!” “I told you, mom!! Call me Tyrannosaurus!” Over the years, he practiced his marimba skills, until he was old enough to move to New Orleans and start a band called Gwar, as a tribute to original inspiration. After many months of touring with his newly found band Gwar, Kenny went back to Kansas where he met Marcie who HATED marimba. Kenny’s musical integrity was questioned as he slowly discovered the world of punk music, and was in a peril when out of the blue, not jazz, EDC came to the world. *EXPLISIONS* “Oh my god I love EDC, it’s so amazing!” a man named Sally said. And no one went to Coachella either. Except for the tap dancing dolphin who had just come back from his sister’s 20th Anniversary.

So, the whale did not like to be disturbed on a day that was so sunny and then it was tap dancing near a shallow that was the bottom on a train. Nobody knew what it was. Sally was the twin brother to his sister Tom and they would exchange places to know more about the opposite sex. Tom didn’t know what to make of Sally’s world, as they had not spoken in two decades and she had lived relatively quiet and sheltered life with her pet dolphin, Bixby. They had no idea Sally was about turn their lives upside down. Sally stole all of his sister’s worlds and made them his own, the same way all men do, right? But she would never allow that and instead escaped into new men’s arms, swallowing voice after voice. Her voice louder. Louder. Sally was so sure of her path that she didn’t even notice when her gender changed.

Louder, but not yet coherent. A new language was being born. A code unearthed in a Syrian bomb crater astrangely –matched some of Sally’s previously incomprehensible worlds. A Princeton linguistics professor named Phredd Frederickson to take over the entire story, just because. He likes books. All of a sudden, the monster jumped in and started to sing a song about books and ice creams. That made Phredd want to sing with him but Phredd had strep throat so his singing voice was bad. So the monster started to cry until Phredd was magically cured of the strep throat and they started singing Kelsey Ballerinis “Yeah Boy” together. Phredd’s voice, so melodic and joyous, inspired the townspeople (and monster) to get jiggy with it.